Task Pages on 🤗 Hub (#509)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: tasks/src/image-classification/about.md

## Use Cases

> Image classification is used for wide range of problems, from medical imaging to remote sensing. An example application is determining whether a Computed Tomography scan contains cancerous tissue or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image classification is used for a wide range of problems, from medical imaging to remote sensing. An example application is determining whether a Computed Tomography scan contains cancerous tissue or not.
```

## Inference
With the `transformers` library, you can use the `image-classification` pipeline to infer with image classification models. You can initialize the pipeline with a model id from the Hub. If you don't provide a model id, it will initialize with [google/vit-base-patch16-224](https://huggingface.co/google/vit-base-patch16-224) by default. When calling the pipeline, you just need to specify a path, http link or an image loaded in PIL to this pipeline. You can also provide a `top_k` parameter which determines how many results it should return.

```python
!pip install transformers

from transformers import pipeline
clf = pipeline("image-classification")
clf("path_to_a_cat_image")

[{'label': 'tabby, tabby cat', 'score': 0.7319658398628235},
{'label': 'Egyptian cat', 'score': 0.14533261954784393},
{'label': 'tiger cat', 'score': 0.11755114793777466},
{'label': 'lynx, catamount', 'score': 0.002333116251975298},
{'label': 'quilt, comforter, comfort, puff', 'score': 0.000367624219506979}]
## Useful Resources
```

## Useful Resources

> #### Creating your own image classifier in just a few minutes

Reviewer: Any reason you're using 4 # instead of 3 to get a h3?

## Use Cases
Image classification is used for wide range of problems, from medical imaging to remote sensing. An example application is determining whether a Computed Tomography scan contains cancerous tissue or not.

> ## Inference

Reviewer: nit: add new line above

> Inference

Reviewer: nit: remove?

Author: which part?

Reviewer: I see Inference both in a heading and then again

> You can use "image-classification" pipeline to infer image classification models. You can initialize the pipeline with a model id from the hub. If you don't provide a model id, it will initialize with google/vit-base-patch16-224 by default. When calling the pipeline, you just need to pass a path, http link or an image loaded in PIL to this pipeline. You can also provide a "top_k" parameter which determines how many results it should return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

With the `transformers` library, you can use the `image-classification` pipeline to infer with image classification models. You can initialize the pipeline with a model id from the Hub. If you don't provide a model id, it will initialize with [google/vit-base-patch16-224](https://huggingface.co/google/vit-base-patch16-224) by default. When calling the pipeline, you just need to specify a path, http link or an image loaded in PIL to this pipeline. You can also provide a `top_k` parameter which determines how many results it should return.
```

```python

> !pip install transformers

Reviewer: I think we can remove the pip install

from transformers import pipeline

clf = pipeline("image-classification")

> 

Reviewer: I would also remove this empty line to save space

clf("path_to_a_cat_image")

[{'label': 'tabby, tabby cat', 'score': 0.7319658398628235},
{'label': 'Egyptian cat', 'score': 0.14533261954784393},
{'label': 'tiger cat', 'score': 0.11755114793777466},
{'label': 'lynx, catamount', 'score': 0.002333116251975298},
{'label': 'quilt, comforter, comfort, puff', 'score': 0.000367624219506979}]

> ## Useful Resources

Reviewer: nit: remove

Author: Which part exactly, complete output?

Reviewer: There is a leftover `## Useful Resources` in the code output

```

## Useful Resources

> [HuggingPics Project](https://github.com/nateraw/huggingpics)

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to add a couple of lines describing HuggingPics. For example, something along these lines:

```
## Creating your own image classifier in just a few minutes

With [HuggingPics](https://github.com/nateraw/huggingpics), you can fine-tune Vision Transformers for anything using images found on the web. This project downloads images of classes defined by you, trains a model, and pushes it to the Hub. You even get to try out the model directly with a working widget in the browser, ready to be shared with all your friends!
```

cc @nateraw
